[WIP] Bayesrules (#179)
pymc-devs/resources: README.md

-  [PyMC3 port of the book "Bayesian Cognitive Modeling" by Michael Lee and EJ Wagenmakers](https://github.com/pymc-devs/resources/tree/main/BCM)
-  [PyMC3 port of the book "Bayesian Statistical Methods" by Brian J. Reich and Sujit K. Ghosh](https://github.com/pymc-devs/resources/tree/main/BSM)
-  [PyMC3 port of the book "Bayesian Data Analysis" by Andrew Gelman, John B. Carlin, Hal S. Stern, David B. Dunson, Aki Vehtari and Donald B. Rubin](https://github.com/pymc-devs/resources/tree/main/BDA3)

> -  [PyMC3/4? port of the book "Bayes Rules! An Introduction to Applied Bayesian Modeling" by Bayes Rules! An Introduction to Applied Bayesian Modeling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [PyMC port of the book "Bayes Rules! An Introduction to Applied Bayesian Modeling" by Bayes Rules! An Introduction to Applied Bayesian Modeling
```
